hey guys lets me like Willie 32 nagging
here bringing another like Marvel Super
Heroes review today this is spider-man's
daily people show down from the ultimate
spiderman cartoon show is retails for
about fifty us ours it's a number 76 00
586 212 it contains four hundred same
six pieces here's a front look at your
box and there's a quick look at the back
of your box this includes a surprising
amount of three instruction manuals the
first one has 23 pages of building the
second one has 65 the third one has 39
also included is one of those little
lame comic adventures here is spider-man
himself and he is a pretty cool figure
unfortunately this is the exact same
design that have been in the other two
ultimate spider-man sits not that's a
bad thing but it's just you know kind of
getting a little bit repetitive but he
is still a very cool-looking figuring
looks really great from the front right
there there's a quick look at him from
the back here is a great figure this is
novin he looks really fantastic i
absolutely love the helmet that Lego
gave him he also asked a really nice
front torso printing and some really
great hand little things right there and
he really looks great and his face just
looks freaking awesome behind that
helmet there's a quick look at him from
the back there is his face without the
helmet on and it is double-sided here is
jay jonah Jameson and he is a really
cool figure has a very plain suit but it
looks good and his face looks absolutely
fantastic he's also holding nice little
camera right there he does have very
slight back printed and a double-sided
face here is our next me figure this is
beetle and he looks really really cool
he just had those new wings that were
available from the galaxy squad sets at
this time they're molded in the kind of
that you know windscreen color and he
also looks really cool to front and that
front nice torso printing and some
really cool head printing also has a
little galaxy squad gun there's look at
him from the back with those galaxy
squad wings also you do get an extra
pair of those wings which is really
interesting and really useful that is
what he looks like without his wings on
here is an awesome mini figured this is
dr. doom our first-ever Lego Fantastic
Four minifig hopefully they'll make the
rest of the faith tested for some time
here in the near future I was kind of a
little bit disappointed that the this
was a set that came with dr. doom
because he's not a spider-man character
you know seems like he would come in a
fantastic for said but he's still really
great looking figure great torso printed
great like printing a really cool
underneath that green hood there's a
better look at that face and he does
have some very nice back printing first
accessory dabilis is random small
lamppost you could really put this
anywhere very small and very generic sup
here you build this little dumpster
which is not a half-bad design
considering it has a really cool little
play feature added with it it does open
very easily right there and the Play
feature is you can take any minifigure
you want what is using over for this
time you kind of put him in right there
and a little lever on the back there you
push that and ever will go flying
sometimes he goes really high which is
really cool let me try that again so
there he saw him you went really high
that's actually a pretty neat little
feature it's to replay here is dr.
Doom's little jet helicopter thing it's
a decent design it's a little bit too
blocky for me it looks like it was made
and an older Lego set now not saying
that's a really bad thing it could be
very accurate to the TV show but it just
kind of looks a little bit generic to me
but it's actually kind of a cool design
it really reminds me of one of those
things from Halo the Hornets which is
kind of interesting it does rotate right
there they're also all do flips our
missiles one on either side right there
that's decent and also the back here
looks kind of cool some engine the nice
little flipping features and you can
easily open the cockpit to reveal no
controls but you can fit dr. doom inside
there like this and the cockpit does
close pretty easy and then the main
feature really fits this little quaffing
back here you basically just drop that
as a really nice long string piece kind
of watch this wound up which have been
really cool but it doesn't look law
thing down here kind of opens up it
looks pretty cool in some nice little
feature now here is the Daily Bugle
building and this thing looks pretty
awesome giving you look from the front
right here everything you see that's
printed is basically a sticker it does
look pretty cool gone got all the
windows or stickers even the little TV
screen here is actually six separate
stickers they're really easy to put on
but it's kind of annoying that you had
to put on so many that's also sticker
but it does have some really cool
details the fire escape here is really
nice you also have a spider web sticking
out from the side at the front of the
people here you can try and open these
little doors which is a really cool
little feature is what it looks like
from the right side pretty cool the
bottom level of the Daily Bugle is
extremely boring i think they coulda
could have included more stuff down here
but there is little pot plant second
floor has some really cool stickers
including that thing that says what is a
true identity of spider-man sand nice
pictures that's lego news in this little
cap
and that's what dr. doom is trying to
steal with the little feature here you
see that little red rod so basically if
I take this and I can push the red rod
which will knock out this window there
which is kind of a cool little feature
on the second floor there is a little
nice green door that leads to the first
part of the fire escape here which leads
up to this green door that is the second
part of the fire escape there's also
adorned the bottom so there's three
drawers in total and inside which is
really nice air floor here is jonah
Jameson's office and it does have some
cool little printed details of the
computer right there little lamp in a
nice green seat for him right there the
roof is where most the actions are you
can see all of these little individual
red pegs all have a unique little
feature the first one here is this one
right here and basically all that does
is kind of just blow off the sign of
Delhi Google right there that one works
all right it's kind of cool so I got
one's kind of a random little trapdoor
be easily just pull this and a figure
will fall onto jonah Jameson's office
and if you push back on it it will
endemic the trapdoor go up again which
is really nice third and final for those
features is a spider-man web slinging
feature basically you push that red rod
and it will make spider-man fly off the
building and if you connect his web at
the right spot he will just kind of
swing which is kind of a neat little
feature and this thing does kind of
break up pretty easy as you saw right
there alright guys so final birds on the
Daily Bugle showdown set right here it's
really cool features some really
fantastic playability features has some
really cool minifigures it's a really
great price for peace I'm gonna get this
in an eight point six out of ten i
highly recommend it has some really just
great parts to it and i definitely
recommend it so please rate comment
subscribe and please kind of it I like
to get comments and I have been getting
a whole lot lately but please comment
please rate plz like and please go like
me on Facebook and follow me on twitter
I'll see you guys next time bye